NAME                                                                DATA   AGE
configmap/example-grafana-configs                                   1      6m6s
configmap/example-grafana-provisioning                              6      6m6s
configmap/example-grafana-scylladb-dashboards                       8      6m6s
configmap/example-grafana-serving-ca                                1      6m6s
configmap/example-prometheus-client-ca                              1      6m6s
configmap/example-prometheus-serving-ca                             1      6m6s
configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                          1      8m16s
configmap/nodeconfig-podinfo-17c9fa8d-a3a1-4379-b28f-e32e3229c570   1      2m53s
configmap/nodeconfig-podinfo-b2466281-afc7-41c6-ae5c-12735f2e93a6   1      7m56s
configmap/nodeconfig-podinfo-e401cacb-61b7-436b-b5ac-83ae82468377   1      5m4s
configmap/prometheus-example-rulefiles-0                            2      6m6s
configmap/scylla-config                                             1      8m7s
configmap/scylla-local-client-ca                                    1      7m57s
configmap/scylla-local-serving-ca                                   1      7m57s

NAME                                               TYPE                DATA   AGE
secret/example-grafana-admin-credentials           Opaque              2      6m6s
secret/example-grafana-serving-ca                  kubernetes.io/tls   2      6m6s
secret/example-grafana-serving-certs               kubernetes.io/tls   2      6m6s
secret/example-prometheus-client-ca                kubernetes.io/tls   2      6m6s
secret/example-prometheus-client-grafana           kubernetes.io/tls   2      6m6s
secret/example-prometheus-serving-ca               kubernetes.io/tls   2      6m6s
secret/example-prometheus-serving-certs            kubernetes.io/tls   2      6m6s
secret/prometheus-example                          Opaque              1      6m6s
secret/prometheus-example-tls-assets-0             Opaque              0      6m6s
secret/prometheus-example-web-config               Opaque              1      6m6s
secret/scylla-auth-token                           Opaque              1      7m57s
secret/scylla-local-client-ca                      kubernetes.io/tls   2      7m57s
secret/scylla-local-cql-connection-configs-admin   Opaque              0      7m47s
secret/scylla-local-serving-ca                     kubernetes.io/tls   2      7m57s
secret/scylla-local-serving-certs                  kubernetes.io/tls   2      7m47s
secret/scylla-local-user-admin                     kubernetes.io/tls   2      7m57s
